hi everyone welcome to another finally
Friday video this week says it's getting
closer to the holidays I thought I would
do a really fast and easy kind of like a
card set so you can make these at home
with any papers you have on ham this is
a very minimal supply card so I'm
starting out well first of all I have
three sheets of patterned paper and
they're cut to three and three quarter
by three and three quarters of square
and these are just some papers from
basic ripe and then I have some card
stock here which is going to be the card
base and it's eight and a half by four
and a quarter so it's going to make a
four and a quarter inch square card so
I've got three card bases just like that
I'm going to fold it and you'll have to
excuse this little spot right here I
discovered that nail polish remover
takes the grid off my grad match so um
yeah be real careful if you're going to
be doing your nails on your crafting
work surface okay so what I'm going to
do is I'm just going to glue these down
to the center of each card okay now i
have three strands of ribbon and i'm
going to tie a ribbon around each card
and then i'm going to tie it in a bow
and it's just going to go right center
so these are going to look like presents
you
okay so I have all three with their bow
on top and now I'm going to take this
element sticker sheet from basic away
from that same collection you could use
some stickers like this or you could
make your own tags and I'm just going to
be putting the tags on here underneath
where the bow is so I could write a chew
and from on it and these are great cards
to include with gifts so I think I'll
use this one on this one right here just
going to go right underneath just like
that
I think I'll put this green one on this
one
we'll use a white pen this time
then i have this christmas tree one that
I'll use for the black one
okay just our somatic interest i'm going
to go around all the edges with white
stitching okay so here are all three you
can see them as a group really fun kind
of present like christmas idea for some
cards so hope you guys enjoyed and I'll
catch you guys next time thanks for
watching
Oh